Added Playwright-generic example project (#16)
dequelabs/axe-devtools-html-api-examples: Node/playwright_vanilla/README.md

You can configure multiple browsers as you would like in the **`playwright.config.js`**

```js
  projects: [
    {
      name: 'chromium',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Chrome'],
      },
    },

    {
      name: 'firefox',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Firefox'],
      },
    },

    {
      name: 'webkit',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Safari'],
      }
    }]
```

>To learn more about test configuration, see [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration).

## Run Test File

The **_tests_** directory contains the example test file **`example.spec.js`**. This test file shows 2 basic tests **`basic test_1`** and **`basic test_2`** that analyze the page `https://broken-workshop.dequelabs.com/` for accessibility issues.

The following command runs the test on all the files in the **_tests_** directory with the browser preview.

```sh
npx playwright test --headed
```

The following command runs the test on all the files in the **_tests_** directory without (headless mode) the browser preview.

```sh
npx playwright test
```

The following command runs the mentioned test file with the browser preview.

```sh

> npx playwright test <tests/file-name> <--headed>

Reviewer: we should use npm's test script instead

![logo](./docs/logo.png)

> # axe DevTools

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> [axe DevTools](https://www.deque.com/axe/devtools/) is the most powerful and accurate accessibility toolkit that can get 80% issue coverage—or more—during development. Axe DevTools save money, time, and effort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Using axe DevTools Playwright webdriver binding, you can integrate axe DevTools into your existing testing environment instead of building your testing environment around axe DevTools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# axe DevTools Playwright API Example

> This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools Playwright webdriver binding detects the accessibility issues and generates reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using axe DevTools Playwright, you can integrate axe DevTools into your existing testing environment. This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools Playwright is used to detect accessibility issues and generates reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.
```

## Prerequisites
- npm
- NodeJS (6.10 or higher)

## Clone Project

Follow these steps to clone and navigate to the directory:

> 1. Clone example project **`playwright_vanilla`** from GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repo from GitHub.
```

2. Open the project folder in the code editor.

> 3. Open the terminal, and then navigate from the project root to the example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Navigate from the root of the repo to this example with the following command:
```

```sh
cd Node/playwright_vanilla
```

## Install Dependencies

> Install the dependencies **axe DevTools Playwright** and **axe DevTools Reporter** for the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies including **axe DevTools Playwright** and **axe DevTools Reporter** for the project.
```

> **_NOTE:_**

> >You need a valid license to access and use our APIs and example projects. For more information, see [Install from Deque’s Agora](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/node-pl-install-agora) page. After configuring the access to Deque private registry, you can install the dependencies for this project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>You need a valid license to use our APIs. For more information, see [Install from Deque’s Agora](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/node-pl-install-agora) page. After configuring the access to Deque's private registry, you can install the dependencies for this project.
```

The following command installs all the required dependencies **`@axe-devtools/playwright`** and **`@axe-devtools/reporter`** as mentioned in the **`package.json`** to run the example project.

```sh
npm install
```

## Test Configuration

You can configure multiple browsers as you would like in the **`playwright.config.js`**

```js
  projects: [
    {
      name: 'chromium',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Chrome'],
      },
    },

    {
      name: 'firefox',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Firefox'],
      },
    },

    {
      name: 'webkit',
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Safari'],
      }
    }]
```

>To learn more about test configuration, see [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration).

> ## Run Test File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Running the Tests
```

Reviewer 3: To maintain user parallelism, modified as **Run Tests**

> The **_tests_** directory contains the example test file **`example.spec.js`**. This test file shows two basic tests **`basic test_1`** and **`basic test_2`** that analyzes the page `https://broken-workshop.dequelabs.com/` for accessibility issues.

Reviewer 2: See updated test names in example.spec.js

The following command runs the test files in the **_tests_** directory.

```sh
npm test
```

>To learn more about commands, see [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-cli).

## Test Results

The test file generates results in the **_a11y-results_** directory. Check each subdirectory for the respective format.

The **`/html/executive-report.html`** file is an executive summary report aggregating results from all scans into one page.

> ## Configure Test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Test Run Configuration
```

**`npm test`** runs the **`rimraf`** command mentioned in the **`package.json`**.

```json
  "scripts": {
    "test": "rimraf ./a11y-results/ && npx playwright test --headed"
  },
```

Every time you run the **`npm test`**, the **`rimraf`** command clears all saved results from the **`a11y-results`** directory, so if you want to retain previous test results, you should remove **`rimraf`** from the **`scripts`** object. 

> If you want to modify this project and publish your results in a different folder other than **`./ally-results`**, you should update the directory as intended. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to modify this project and publish your results in a different folder other than **`./ally-results`**, you should update the output directory in the test file. 
```

Reviewer 3: the directory should be updated in the test file and the test param in package.json file
